Add docs related to PE view (#1708)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/pe-docs/docs/monitoring-and-insights/delivery-insights/configure-dora-metrics.md

# Configure CIO Dashboard

> ![CIO dashboard](../../assets/img/monitoring-and-insights/engineering-insights/cio-dashboard.png){.cInlineImage-full}

Reviewer: Image needs to be updated.

> You can view DORA metrics in Choreo to use as KPIs to measure your organization's DevOps team's performance. Choreo enables this feature by default for all organizations. DORA includes the following four key metrics that are regarded as the most important metrics to indicate team performance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view DORA metrics in Choreo to use as Key Performer Indicators (KPI) to measure your organization's DevOps team's performance. Choreo enables this feature by default for all organizations. DORA includes the following four key metrics that are regarded as the most important metrics to indicate team performance:
```

- Deployment Frequency: How often an organization successfully releases to production
- Lead Time for Changes: The amount of time it takes a commit to get into production
- Change Failure Rate: The percentage of deployments causing a failure in production
- Time to Restore Service: How long it takes an organization to recover from a failure in production

Choreo enables two DORA metrics by default; deployment frequency and lead time for change.

## Configure the CIO Dashboard with all metrics

To configure the CIO dashboard by enabling the other two metrics, follow the steps below:

> 1. Sign in to Choreo using your Google, GitHub, or Microsoft account.

Reviewer: As a norm shall we have the organization navigation part also in here.

Author: Fixed

- **Invalid incident label**(Optional): Choreo will not scrape issues with this label and will proceed to skip these issues. For example, `Resolution/Invalid`. You can use this label when you want to ignore issues. For example, closing an issue after identifying that it doesn't qualify as an incident issue as it was due to a user error. 

Once you configure the labels, click **Save**.

Choreo will enable incident data publishing in the background once you save. Once completed, DORA metric charts will appear in the CIO dashboard for **Mean Time To Recover** and **Change Failure Rate**. If there are any issues in the configuration, the configure banner will reappear, and the user can proceed to reconfigure.

### Step 4: Enrich incident tickets with deployment information

Choreo extracts deployment information from the relevant incident and generates DORA metrics that help you analyze the deployment statistics related to the incidents. Therefore, you must manually update the GitHub issue with the relevant deployment-related information. Follow the steps below to add the deployment information to the GitHub issue. 
 
#### Get deployment details

> 1. On the Choreo Console header, select the project and the component for which the incident was reported.

Reviewer: Let's provided detailed information on navigating to component. 
```
In the Choreo Console top navigation menu, select the **Organization**, then the **Project** and finally the relevant **Component**.
```

2. On the left navigation menu, click **DevOps** and then click on **CD Pipelines**
3. On the **Production Environment** card, click **Deployment History**.
4. On the right-hand side panel, select the relevant deployment, and click **Release details** to copy the deployment details to the clipboard. 

    ![Copy to clipboard](../../assets/img/monitoring-and-insights/engineering-insights/deployment-copy-to-clipboard.png){.cInlineImage-small}

#### Add deployment information to the GitHub issue

1. Edit the GitHub issue to add the deployment information. 
2. Paste the deployment information you copied (in step 4 under the section `Get deployment details`) at the end of the issue body.
3. Click **Save**.

That's it! You have successfully configured your CIO dashboard to include the DORA metrics. 

!!! note
    The CIO Dashboard is expected to reflect the latest statistics within approximately 30 minutes.

## Edit configurations

>    ![Edit configurations](../../assets/img/monitoring-and-insights/engineering-insights/edit-configurations.png){.cInlineImage-small}

Reviewer: {.cInlineImage-small} with this it looks smaller.

Author: Fixed
